1. Map stores data in sorted order. eg:[1=2, 2=2, 3=1]

2. In Kotlin, List<T> is a read-only data structure. Array<T> is a ds of fixed size, can change the values
but cannot add or delete the elements. MutableList<T> is the only way to make a resizeable + element mutable.

3. when using .add() or .remove() with a mutable list, it automatically resizes the list.

4. There are two ways to take input in Kotlin: using java.util.Scanner and using readln() or readlnOrNull() {
java.util.Scanner:
    Type: Java class (java.util.Scanner) usable in Kotlin.

    Return type: Can directly read different data types (nextInt(), nextDouble(), nextLine(), etc.).

    Speed: Slower than readln() because it does extra parsing and error handling.

    Use case: User-friendly input in small programs, when you want built-in parsing.

readln():
    Type: Kotlin Standard Library function.

    Return type: Always returns a String.

    Conversion: You must manually convert to other types (toInt(), toDouble(), toIntOrNull(), etc.).

    Speed: Faster than Scanner because it’s a lightweight wrapper over BufferedReader.

    Use case: Competitive programming, quick input handling.
}

5. ArrayDeque can be used in order to implement stack in kotlin. It uses a doubly ended queue system
that allows the input of the values on both the end which helps us in implementing the functions FIFO(Queue)
and LIFO (Stack).





Coroutines:

A function is a sequence of instructions that take inputs and give us some output.

A thread describes in which order does the this sequence of instructions should be executed. Without multi-threading they are executed
one after the other and can never be interfered when one is being executed.
If there are two threads then they will execute their set of code in independently and parallelly, but it does not assures that which thread will end first.\

In android applications, all the tasks are executed in a single thread call the main thread, but this might lead to waiting/resource locking because when one call is
being executed=, another function call cannot be executed, only after the first is completely executed then only will the other be executed.

Multi-threading is required because of various operations like network call, database operations, complex calculations.


NOW,
1. coroutines are executed inside of a thread, and as many as possible can be executed within a thread.
2. Coroutines are suspendable .i.e. they can be executed and then paused when needed and then resumes as per the need.
3. They can easily change their context, that is, they can easily switch from one thread in which they are running to another thread.